---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-04T13:31:54.986Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-04T13:31:42.467Z'
title: About عنا
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-04-about.md
published: true
url: about/index.html
_type: Blurb

---
Simsara is a Music PR, Communications and Management agency that helps musicians, festivals, venues, music projects and organizations in the Arab world with telling their stories in more impactful ways. The agency, run by Sarah El Miniawy, advises on and delivers tailor-made media relation campaigns, strategic social media storytelling, web & newsletter editing and much else in between. 

In 2016, the agency is expanding into artist management through working on an inspiring roster of musicians from the region and partnering with like-minded organisations to offer a full range of PR, Communications and Management services (watch this space for more!)
The artistic output of independent nature in the Arab world has been in a state of flux for some time now. To this date however, there are hardly any specialised music PR, marketing or communication agencies that understand and take into consideration the challenges that this realm faces; be they financial, artistic, social or political. 

Simsara couples a good understanding of such realities with years of experience working for one of Europe's largest and most reputable arts centres, the Barbican Centre in London.
The agency works with artists and projects that chart new territories for Arab artistic expression, whilst taking risks to produce work that challenges audience expectations. More than ever, such undertakings need to cement and expand their local, regional and international reach.
Following eight defining years working in the busy press office of the Barbican, Sarah set off in 2012 as a freelancer for projects such as Ibrahim Al-Batout's Winter of Discontent (starring Amr Waked) and the Nile Project, founded by Egyptian ethnomusicologist Mina Girgis and Ethiopian artist Meklit Hadero. Currently Sarah is working closely on album releases by Khyam Allami's Nawa Recordings, including Maurice Louca's European touring following the release of his second album Benhayyi Al-Baghbaghan (Salute the Parrot), the band Alif who are preparing for the tour supporting the release of their debut album Aynama-Rtama, Beirut & Beyond International Music Festival 2016, online music magazine Ma3azef, and emerging musician and composer Nadah El Shazly. 

More projects and artists will be announced soon in 2016\.
If you're a member of the press, sign up to the press list here: http://simsara.us9.list-manage1.com/subscribe?u=ea0190971099bdb25ef4f5e52&id=1dbd16d7ef